add readme (#2)
trentrand/git-yank: README.md

| --push, -p        | Whether the destination branch should be automatically pushed.                                                                          | boolean | false    |
| --safe, -S        | Whether commits should be preserved on the source branch.                                                                               | boolean | false    |
| --debug           | Show debug output                                                                                                                       | boolean | false    |
| -h, --help        | Show help                                                                                                                               | boolean |          |
|  -v, --version    | Show version number                                                                                                                     | boolean |          |

## Examples

1. `git-yank <sha1> <sha2> <sha3>` <br>Moves the three specified commits to a new destination branch.
  

> 2. `git-yank <sha> -b hotfix` <br>Moves the specified commit to the destination branch "hotfix", creating it if it doesn't exist.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. `git-yank <sha> --branch hotfix --push` <br>Moves the specified commit to the destination branch "hotfix" ,creating it if it doesn't exist, and push changes to remote repository.
```

Reviewer: Maybe just this one change, using the non-abbreviated flags so the example is easier to understand.

Also, I almost always use `--branch` with `--push`, so it's probably worth wedging into this example.
